# Week 11 Session 21

I have learned so much in this web paper and yet have barely scratched the surface and thats just saying how much there is I don't know and want to be familliar. Fortunately, we have a mentor/lecturer who is passionate about teaching and passing on the wealth of knowledge he retains and maintains who has ensured all resources are still made available for us upon ending the semester and giving us many opportunities to snap up to further our careers There is the networking side of developers kept alive with a MEETUP group formed early in the semester with quite a few members in our group for us to hook up with, with potential work contacts, because it is not only what you know a bit of who you know helps. 

On completion of this paper with certainty, without a doubt I want to be a web developer thanks to Ali Kahwaji he has me hooked and I look forward to learning what I can, need, and want to fulfil my career in web development. 

I had not known what was so great about web development and just assumed if anyone wanted a website they can just leap on a cheapo Wordpress site, drag n drop data as they wish to advertise there products. Now, I can not get into the nitty gritty explaination and all the gory details at this time but it really doesnt take a genuius to know that developing websites is scalable and more personalised, over all better and better job wise. Theres no-way nike or addidas are using wordpress right? no. Upskilling in web developement is a must if you want to be snapped up job wise and one day maybe even work on the big contracts in some company in the wide world of web developemnet and business.

Well sleep is calling and even though the website developed for this paper is now turned in, I will continue to work on it. The goal for me this summer is to build a website portfolio to show future employers.
